Ev’ry newborn child,
Ev’ry drop of rain,
Ev’ry golden ray of sun,
Each head of grain—
All are gifts from God;
They reveal his way.
Miracles performed by him
sustain us each day.
So, what are we to do
with a gift so rare
But to love the One who gave it
and show him we care.
No matter what we do,
We never can earn it.
This gift is still a gift—
The miracle of life.
Others may give up,
Lose their will to try,
Echoing the wife of Job:
“Curse God and die.”
We are not that way;
Praise to God we give,
Thanking him for ev’ry
precious moment we live.
So, what are we to do
with a gift so rare
But to love the ones around us
and show them we care.
No matter what we do,
We never can earn it.
This gift is still a gift—
The miracle of life.